
Sat Nov 18 15:59:52 CST 2017

We've got our terminal logs showing (linked at least) in our entries.  Now
let's spice up the entries themselves.  Let's turn the commit hashes into
links to the source code.

We don't want to alter the actual entries, though, just add a presentation
tweak.  We'll do this at first by just doing a simple find/replace type trick
on the text in Entry.js.  Currently, it just renders the text in a `<pre>`
tag.  That's pretty nice, so we'll keep most of it like that.  Except we'll
want to replace any of our Git references with a link.  That means our
contents will change from

```
<pre>{...}</pre>
```

to

```
<pre>{...}</pre>
<a />
<pre>{...}</pre>
<a />
<pre>{...}</pre>
```

First, we'll hardcode some bunk data to see that it works alright.

ref:git:ebc4e61

Seems good.  Now we need to process the commentary string and return an array
of components, preformatted blocks for just text or anchor tags for our
references.

ref:git:35a23a2

This is a test to see how it will work.  It seems to be OK.  Now, instead of
returning random crap in `parseCommentary`, we're going to actually split it
based on our reference tags.  It may be ametuerish, but I like doing stuff
like this in the debugger, so I'm going to put a breakpoint there and tinker
until I get the regex right.

I've just added a screenshot of this.  Although we don't know how to handle
those yet, it's pretty clear we'll need to reference them somehow, so we'll
just go with the same convention.

ref:images:01.png

We've got some regex now to find all the instances in a commentary string.  We
can keep calling `exec` and get the substring match until it's exhausted.  I
don't remember exactly how to deal with splitting this stuff up, but I'm
betting we can use replace in a pretty straightforward way.

ref:images:02.png

My regex needed a little tweaking.  Match looks good because it returns an
array, but we don't get the captured group or the stuff between the matches.


https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/split


We're getting close.

ref:git:3ba51c1
ref:images:03.png

The first goal is to get the stuff to show.  After that, we can tweak it to
make it work better.

I'm finding that for little commentary, I can use Git with a quick commit
message.

ref:git:67b4a28

This is probably a huge misuse of Git, but what the heck.

ref:git:de74344

We are now splitting them apart correctly.  Now to update the component so it
points to the commit in Git.

ref:git:545f389

There it is.  It's working in all its ugliness.  This is a good time to stop
and take a victory lap.
